Rewrote manual intro (#2581)
apache/logging-log4j2: src/site/antora/modules/ROOT/pages/manual/index.adoc

Author: I tried it, but it is a horrible mess and extremely hard for the author to write - at least for me. In my opinion, we should drop this convention. I prefer well formatted text instead of automatic linewrapping. We can talk about this on the mailing list

////
= Manual

== Welcome to Apache Log4j!

Apache Log4j is a versatile, industrial-grade Java logging framework composed of an API, its implementation,  and components to assist the deployment for various use cases.

> Log4j is https://security.googleblog.com/2021/12/apache-log4j-vulnerability.html[used by 8% of the Maven ecosystem] and listed as one of https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ONZ4qeMq8xmeCHX03lIgIYE4MEXVfVL6oj05lbuXTDM/edit#gid=1024997528[the top 100 critical open source software projects].

Reviewer: I can swear that the 1st link, added by me both to here and to the main page, was correct. I checked via Wayback Machine every single snapshot, but couldn't find it again. :cry: I guess we need to remove it.

I will massage the label of the 2nd link.

The project is actively maintained by a {logging-services-url}/team-list.html[team] of several volunteers and {logging-services-url}/support[support]ed by a big community.

Logging is an essential part of the software development process. 
It provides a way to track the flow of execution in a program, allowing developers 
to understand the application's behavior without needing a debugger. 
This is particularly useful when tracking bugs or understanding why a particular code runs slowly.

The original concept for Log4j was conceived in early 1996 when the 
E.U. SEMPER project decided to develop its own tracing API. 

> In 2003, the project was donated to the Apache Software Foundation, which became Apache Log4j. 

Reviewer 2: s/which became Apache Log4j/becoming _Apache Log4j_/

Author: Thanks @Chealer . if you like, please create a PR and you can see your contribution in this file :-)

Reviewer 3: @Chealer,

You can follow our documentation rewrite on our [staging website](https://logging.staged.apache.org/log4j/2.x/index.html).
If we there are typos, grammar or other problems, feel free to use the "Edit" button on the top right side of the page to modify the page in Github and submit a PR.

**Note**: not all the pages have been rewritten yet. At this moment only the #2538 and #2539 pages are new. If you edit other pages, your changes might be lost, when we rewrite them.

Reviewer 2: I made a few remarks which require someone more involved (ideally the author) to intervene, but if I still notice simple issues after that's solved, thanks, I will consider.
Thank you for the link @ppkarwasz !

Author: No problem, I can work through the comments - thanks for adding them @Chealer 
Whenever you want to get more involved, please let me or @ppkarwasz know, we are happy about everyone who wants to get their hands dirty :)

////
= Manual

== Welcome to Apache Log4j!

Welcome to Apache Log4j, one of the world's most widely used logging frameworks.

Logging is an essential part of the software development process. 
It provides a way to track the flow of execution in a program, allowing developers 
to understand the application's behavior without needing a debugger. 
This is particularly useful when trying to track down a bug or understand 
why a particular piece of code is running slow.

The original concept for Log4j was conceived in early 1996 when the 
E.U. SEMPER project decided to develop its own tracing API. 

> In 2003, the project was donated to the Apache Software Foundation, becoming Apache Log4j. 

Reviewer: **Tip:** I think it would be sweet if we can provide some links to these historical facts.

Author: Previously added links are dead. I suggest we are not adding them anymore, except we find other links

Reviewer: I know, that is why I said _if we can_. :sweat_smile: I don't know of any, neither could find. :cry:

Since then, Log4j has seen numerous releases and has become a widely adopted solution.

== When should you use Log4j?

Log4j is an excellent choice for any Java application that needs logging capabilities. 
It is user-friendly, fast, and flexible. You can use it to log messages at 
different levels of severity, from debug to fatal, and you can configure it to 
log messages to various destinations, such as files, databases, or the console.

== When not to use Log4j?

While Log4j is a highly suitable choice for many applications, 
it may be challenging to locate the information you require when 
logging a high volume of messages. 
Additionally, logging can impact your application's performance.

Log4j offers solutions to address these concerns. However, if you are in 
a unique situation where you are concerned about logging overhead or volume, you may wish 
to consider not using logging at all.

== Benefits of Log4j

Log4j offers numerous advantages, including:

> 1. **Easy to use**: Log4j is easy to use and configure. You can get started
>    with just a few lines of code.
> 2. **Speed**: Log4j is fast and has a low overhead. For more information see: xref:manual/async.adoc[Asynchronous Loggers]
> 3. **Reliable**: Log4j is reliable and has been used in many production applications.
> 4. **Audit-ready**: Log4j is designed to be a reliable audit logging framework that 
>    does not lose any events, unlike some competing frameworks.
> 5. **Small footprint**: Log4j has a small impact on the garbage collector. For details, see: xref:manual/garbagefree.adoc[garbage-free].
> 6. **Extensible**: Log4j is designed to be easily extended using a xref:manual/plugins.adoc[plugin system], 
>    allowing users to customize it to xref:manual/extending.adoc[fit their specific needs].
> 7. **Modern Syntax**: Log4j supports xref:manual/api.adoc#LambdaSupport[lambda expressions]
> 8. **Integration**: Log4j integrates with numerous other frameworks and libraries.
> 9. **ASF Standards**: Developed at the Apache Software Foundation, adhering to rigorous standards and best practices.

Reviewer: I am sort of hesitant about this entire section, since it duplicates [what we already have in the front page](https://logging.apache.org/log4j/2.x/#features). I suggest moving that content to an Antora `partial` and re-using it both here and in the front page.

---

I suggest:

```suggestion
Easy to use::
Log4j is easy to use and configure.
You can xref:5min.adoc[get started] with just a few lines of code.

Performance::
When configured correctly, Log4j excels at speed.
See the xref:manual/performance.adoc[Performance] page for details.

Reliable::
Log4j is reliable and has been used in many production applications.
No messages will be lost even during reconfiguration.

Extensible::
Log4j is designed to be easily extended using a xref:manual/plugins.adoc[plugin system], allowing users to customize it to xref:manual/extending.adoc[fit their specific needs].

Integration::
Log4j integrates with numerous other frameworks and libraries.

ASF Standards::
Developed at the Apache Software Foundation, Log4j adheres to rigorous standards and best practices.
```

Removed _small memory footprint_, since Log4j is the biggest logging API/implementation in the wild. Hence, it is not small by any means, AFAICT.

I am also hesitant to advertise garbage-free in the very first page, since
1. It is an advanced feature and we already indirectly share it in the performance page (which we reference above)
1. As @ppkarwasz's recent benchmarks hint, it is not a relevant feature anymore as much as it was in the past thanks to the continuous improvements in the JVM's GC.

I removed _modern syntax, lambda expressions_ too, since all popular logging APIs (SLF4J, Tinylog, etc.) support it. I don't think it qualifies as a selling point.

== How to learn more?

> To get started, learn more about the xref:manual/api.adoc[Log4j API] and it's xref:manual/architecture.adoc[architecture.] 

Reviewer: Instead of just linking to API and Architecture pages, I think a question-answer style quick links (just like we have [in the front page](https://logging.apache.org/log4j/2.x/#links)) will be more convenient for users:

```suggestion
* xref:manual/installation.adoc[How can I install Log4j?]
* xref:manual/configuration.adoc[How can I configure Log4j?]
* xref:manual/api.adoc[How can I use Log4j API?]
* xref:manual/performance.adoc[How can I tune my Log4j setup for performance?]
* xref:manual/migration.adoc[How can I migrate from Log4j 1 to Log4j 2]?
* xref:manual/plugins.adoc[What are Log4j plugins] and xref:manual/extending.adoc[how can I use them to extend Log4j?]
```
